docs(secrets-management): update docs with vault rotation and some small adjustments (#5779)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/secrets-management/backends/aws-sm.md

### Examples

> For example, an AWS Secrets Manager Secret with the name `my-secret-name` may have multiple key=value pairs, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an AWS Secrets Manager Secret with the name `my-secret-name` may have multiple key=value pairs:
```

Configuration options for an AWS Secrets Manager vault in {{site.base_gateway}}:

Parameter | Field name                     | Description
----------|--------------------------------|------------
`vaults.config.region` | **AWS region** | The AWS region your vault is located in.

> `vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the AWS vault when cached by this node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the AWS vault when cached.
```

`vaults.config.neg_ttl` | **Negative TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a AWS vault miss (no secret).

> `vaults.config.resurrect_ttl` | **Resurrect TTL** | Time (in seconds) for which stale secrets from the AWS vault should be resurrected for when they cannot be refreshed (e.g., the AWS vault is unreachable).

Reviewer 2: (like above - "resurrect" does not sound quite right)

Parameter | Field name                     | Description
----------|--------------------------------|------------
`vaults.config.region` | **AWS region** | The AWS region your vault is located in.

> `vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the vault when cached. The special value of 0 means "no rotation", and it is the default. When using non-zero values, it is recommended that they are at least 1 minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}

`vaults.config.ttl` | **TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a secret from the vault when it's cached. The special value of 0 means "no rotation" and it's the default. When using non-zero values, it is recommended that they're at least 1 minute.
```

> `vaults.config.neg_ttl` | **Negative TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a vault miss (no secret). Negatively cached secrets will remain valid until neg_ttl is reached, after which Kong will attempt to refresh the secret again. The default value for `neg_ttl` is 0, meaning no negative caching occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vaults.config.neg_ttl` | **Negative TTL** | Time-to-live (in seconds) of a vault miss (no secret). Negatively cached secrets will remain valid until `neg_ttl` is reached, after which Kong will attempt to refresh the secret again. The default value for `neg_ttl` is 0, meaning no negative caching occurs.
```

> `vaults.config.resurrect_ttl` | **Resurrect TTL** | Time (in seconds) for how long secrets will remain in use after they are expired (config.ttl is over). This is useful when a vault becomes unreachable, or when a secret is deleted from the Vault and isn't replaced immediately. On this both cases, the Gateway will keep trying to refresh the secret for `resurrect_ttl` seconds. After that, it will stop trying to refresh. It is recommended to assign a sufficiently high value to this configuration option to ensure a seamless transition in cases of unexpected issues with the Vault. The default value for `resurrect_ttl` is 1e8 seconds, which is roughly 3 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vaults.config.resurrect_ttl` | **Resurrect TTL** | Time (in seconds) for how long secrets will remain in use after they are expired (`config.ttl` is over). This is useful when a vault becomes unreachable, or when a secret is deleted from the Vault and isn't replaced immediately. On this both cases, the Gateway will keep trying to refresh the secret for `resurrect_ttl` seconds. After that, it will stop trying to refresh. We recommend assigning a sufficiently high value to this configuration option to ensure a seamless transition in case there are unexpected issues with the Vault. The default value for `resurrect_ttl` is 1e8 seconds, which is about 3 years.
{% endif_version %}
```
